Clarify zwave migration for zwave_js (#20189)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zwave_js.markdown

   <div class='note info'>Make a list of what node ID belongs to each device. Your network (Nodes and their config etc) is stored on the stick but the names you gave your devices and entities are not. This step is optional but will save you a lot of time later.</div>

2) Remove the Z-Wave integration from Home Assistant: Configuration --> Integrations --> Z-Wave (or OpenZWave) --> Press the three dots and click Delete.

> > Note: If you have configured 'zwave' manually, make sure to also remove it from the configuration.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    <div class='note info'>If you have configured Z-Wave manually, make sure to also remove the `zwave:` section from your configuration.yaml.</div>
```

2) Remove the Z-Wave integration from Home Assistant: Configuration --> Integrations --> Z-Wave (or OpenZWave) --> Press the three dots and click Delete.

>     <div class='note info'>If you have configured Z-Wave manually, make sure to also remove the `zwave:` section from your configuration.yaml.</div>

Reviewer: Note sure how we can get the `zwave:` to render as a codeblock. It doesn't seem to work when the note div is indented in a numbered list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <div class='note info'>

    If you have configured Z-Wave manually, make sure to also remove the `zwave:` section from your `configuration.yaml`.

    </div>
```

The Markdown parser needs an empty line in order to switch HTML/Markdown context.
